PDF scripting API (#135)
xsleaks/wiki: content/docs/attacks/element-leaks.md

}
```
## PDF
There are [Open URL Parameters](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=64309#c113) that allow some control over the content such as `zoom`, `view`, `page`, `toolbar`, `nameddest`. Firefox has also implemented `search`.
For Chrome, a PDF can be detected with [Frame Counting]({{< ref "/docs/attacks/frame-counting.md" >}}) because the document is internally embedded into a page.

> This can be confirmed by waiting for a message from the PDF scripting API. [^pdf-api]

Reviewer: Add more info. What does "this" refer to. The last mention is about frames.length so this logically would point to this but it doesn't make sense. Also specify what browsers are affected. It looks to me that this should be moved after the next snippet which is about detecting frames.length. Please fix the document structure.

Author: Im still in the "For Chrome, " thats the browser.

```javascript
async function isPDF(URL) {
    let w = open(URL);
    await new Promise(resolve => setTimeout(resolve, 1500));
    if (window.length !== 1) return false;
    let pdf;
    window.addEventListener("message", e => {
        if (e.origin === 'chrome-extension://mhjfbmdgcfjbbpaeojofohoefgiehjai') pdf = true;
    });
    w[0].postMessage("initialize", "*");
    await new Promise(resolve => setTimeout(resolve, 5));

>     return pdf;

Reviewer: Add comments to  the snippet to explain what each line does.

}
```
It’s also possible to abuse this API to send actions like `getSelectedText`, `selectAll`, `print`, `getThumbnail`, which potentially can leak information about the document's contents. 

```javascript
let w = open(URL);
w[0].postMessage({type: 'print'}, "*");
```
{{< hint info >}}
The above techniques doesn't seem to work in Firefox.
{{< /hint >}}

> However, responses are limited to `documentLoaded` and `passwordPrompted` when cross-origin.
> This could be abused to read PDF content if the attacker has access to the messages of that origin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a protection against leaking document's content cross-origin, the responses are limited to `documentLoaded` and `passwordPrompted` for cross-origin requests. 
```

The second sentence is redundant.

Author: Added per https://blog.s1r1us.ninja/CTF/zer0ptsctf2021-challenges#h.741y9g1m0h9r
postMessage reading is an attack even if not possible in most cases.

Author: That said it seems fine to remove it anyway.
